platformfatsecret/services/Request.java
 platformfatsecret.services.Request
platformfatsecret/model/Category.java
 platformfatsecret.model.Category
Main/FatSecretRestSearch.java
 Main.FatSecretRestSearch
Model/Post.java
 Model.Post
platformfatsecret/utils/FoodUtility.java
 platformfatsecret.utils.FoodUtility
Main/RetrofitMain.java
 Main.RetrofitMain
 Main.RetrofitMain$1
platformfatsecret/utils/ServingUtility.java
 platformfatsecret.utils.ServingUtility
Spoonacular/Main.java
 Spoonacular.Main
platformfatsecret/model/CompactRecipe.java
 platformfatsecret.model.CompactRecipe
platformfatsecret/services/Response.java
 platformfatsecret.services.Response
platformfatsecret/model/CompactFood.java
 platformfatsecret.model.CompactFood
platformfatsecret/services/RequestBuilder.java
 platformfatsecret.services.RequestBuilder
Main/Main.java
 Main.Main
Repository/Retrofit/JsonPlaceHolderApi.java
 Repository.Retrofit.JsonPlaceHolderApi
Repository/FirebaseConfig.java
 Repository.FirebaseConfig
Main/ExcelFoods.java
 Main.ExcelFoods
platformfatsecret/model/Recipe.java
 platformfatsecret.model.Recipe
platformfatsecret/utils/RecipeUtility.java
 platformfatsecret.utils.RecipeUtility
Main/FatSecretLibrary.java
 Main.FatSecretLibrary
platformfatsecret/model/Direction.java
 platformfatsecret.model.Direction
platformfatsecret/model/Ingredient.java
 platformfatsecret.model.Ingredient
platformfatsecret/services/FatsecretService.java
 platformfatsecret.services.FatsecretService
Main/FatSecretRest.java
 Main.FatSecretRest
platformfatsecret/services/Base64.java
 platformfatsecret.services.Base64
 platformfatsecret.services.Base64$Coder
 platformfatsecret.services.Base64$Decoder
 platformfatsecret.services.Base64$Encoder
platformfatsecret/model/Food.java
 platformfatsecret.model.Food
platformfatsecret/model/Serving.java
 platformfatsecret.model.Serving
Main/FatSecretToDB.java
 Main.FatSecretToDB
